# Group8-tetris
## Group 8 TCSS 305-B
### Group Members
Yassin Mohamed Mahmoud, Bill Marban, Sage Rick Robbins, Shu-Ren Shen
###  Sprint 1 Contributions
Sage: Helped create flow layout to merge with border layout.

Bill: Created initial border layout.

Shu-Ren: Helped set the colors within the border layout.

Yassin: Created read.me and documented the meeting. Set up action listeners too.

### Sprint 1 Comments
None.

### Sprint 2 Contributions
Bill: Seperated the JPanels into their own class, made the timer

Shu-Ren: Made the KeyListeners.

Sage: Made the Interfaces in model package.

Yassin: Came up with the a lot of Logic and where to put fire Property Change.

Everyone: Paint/draw/fill ANYTHING on the BoardPanel and NextPiecePanel when a PropertyChange occurs.

### Sprint 2 meetings
link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FgTtyWSQNR21uHXHMy6lyKi4OHdqt3-NVQ5fmS8JhzA/edit

we had an finalization meeting on sunday March 5 over Discord to finish up the rest of Sprint 2 delivarables

Primary forms of communication: Discord texts, voice, and video

### Sprint 2 Comments
None.

### use sprint3_Non_EC branch instaed of sprint3 branch, sprint3 branch has many issues.
### Sprint 3 Contributions
Bill: Got the Pieces to visibly rotate

Shu-Ren: Made the Menu funtion as intended based on the Assignment

Sage: Attemted the Extra Credit but ran into many difficulties. Impleminted the Scoring System

Yassin: Fixed the Pause and Resume funtionality. Altered some of the property change to better suit our needs.

### Sprint 3 meetings
link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x9d_KAfoSCz9OpNEVA0YYE5pGSoDaBsPVZfbvlfhAlM/edit?usp=sharing

Primary forms of communication: Discord texts, voice, and video

### Sprint 3 Comments
We couldn't implement extra features and there's many warnings, a lot of which is due to Time constraints.
use sprint3_Non_EC branch for grading not sprint3 branch.
